Yes Hi good evening is the business of Shimizu
Ridge of this time, even hot water my sound
I want to introduce 2 is the second
Is the golf course to the four-woman as saying foretold a good bullet in the 8 Re waist introduce to introduce Well
Then
It has become such mon splashing entrance
To
This is here
Outside the bottom of the floor , here in the bottom of the sea floor turntable
What
I Well here
Head here
Well it is a golf ball There is a color ball
Set in eco store
I There is mapo this little bitty This This is the Netto driver
In Well course hat
It is composition to one
It becomes like this and it is the first
The bullying is the second episode
I have no holes in this rod
Guy is to say this golf bag Bogor fall I go missing this obstacle
is
The second course in looks like this
Hm 5 a 9
Where is this
I will play that ball here from here, and it will be a view of Gangagar
Well seo strange but I put in this child
I wonder if is such form Well Well 3 golf course
Then I would like to introduce how to make it
Well because I This privacy is not defending it also Well
Masu of persons with disabilities Well how to make so does not mean guarding the privacy
At first from sound mon
It's already here I 'll put his ear like this in the direction of 12 mountain construction 6 and 6 steps side by side
Anymore, such as 6 shots because the moon kneaded the roof of the 120 c around Naha end dressed as a watch
done
The in next to another cumbersome another in connecting the raised dot summer in this enclosure or voice Is Netto another in a continuous
Like crazy tie
I 'm an idiot
I went in in is good only enclosure feather one stage
Please wait for Margo Room Ball
Oh, it is such a guy
I'm out of focus
It is a guy like this one small round step
if
In Tattoos just a recipe, please facing Well 3 hours ago
Came
Because it will finish in 10 seconds
Yes 10 seconds
Yes, please look at the important stood was wearing when listening to it because I that web web 's
It was not
Please try to Ji over at Well how to make sounds that that stop Ji this this is a closer look over
Well this is
Well how to make course
It is like this
Please make it random
If it is already difficult
Well this is
I'm just trying to give reality to the letting-believing employee blowing the wind
There is no reality this
LEGO says
Well there is also reality
Well , this is the end of the first one
A little but please wait a moment the name Let's Go to
Yes voice is this company side
Shidagawa-like
Haa
It is how to make er Ettoka husband was Kitagawa ones are
I'm Kanda
It looks like this
Well here it's like this water is buzzing out and I like it this way I like the moon I like it
I'm doing 4 Uz this way and it's out for real
It seems like it penetrates in the sound of water like this
Take root as you pierce
I am busy
In either yan here
But those who Udon road soil has come out is not skewed in such Fu Well
Water is doing this from full Serve You Do not place have to put diagonally
It came up and came up and came out like this 8
Well join the river
waiting
so
There is a place has a say in this kind of wind Well there is still
Well, like this , the water shows something like splashing out and shows it
is
Oh dear
Like this , it reproduces realistically
Well, it 's Lego's great pleasure to reproduce realistically like this
There is no Well Hey this is also I E'e' and this is Netto 3 m arch
Please be patient Well about it I only sell 10m
Please turn around
It is such a feeling I Well enclosure is not this happens
Poop
I feel like I 'm normally standing in a row like this
eh
they in such Fu
It's like I'm doing Jolo Jolo 00 and it's like I'm ending up here like this
You should just finish
Something
The sea rushes into the ground water here and there
How dry
It will be this way
Oh dear
But there is no Toka snowmelt
Like this , fido t water in the white
But we want to adopt
Temporary water splashes there because I do not know it can be reproduced realistically
Please forgive me
If it is good because it can be made to pet related this
Please stop temporarily and try it
You want to show the stone place 9
Or so
It would be nice if it was to Ruge
loose
Is this difficult to understand
Well it looks like this
Is this okay?
It is 5 seconds in this
Thank you very much Thank you for watching last
web still not infected facilities though
Ah
I will do my best to be filled with full